---
title: Log 4 🛫
description: Flight Log of Co-Creation Activities
slug: flight-log-4
tags: [log, sprint ]
---

## Objectives
- Get IDZ up and running in client's environment

## Accomplishments
- Setup java keystore within client's environment


## Work in Progress

- The team made contact with the client and they said that they think they have resolved things on their side that should allow outbound connectivity to the DB.
- Another one of the clients local machines was experiencing the same `Cannot connect Mainframe Projects service (URL is null)! Please check settings from CCS` error that we troubleshooted in a previous session
- After further conversation with the client, they discovered that the machine that was encountering this error had multiple Java versions and JAVA_HOME was not set. After setting the correct Java and clearing the cache they were able to see the list of projects in IDZ. 
- The team is continuing to work with support to resolve Case TS015519419. Recent feedback on the ticket suggested collecting logs from Podman ad-core-server, refactoring-assistant, and refactoring-assistant-u if the client encounters this issue again. 

## Currently Tracking
- The team will work with the client in tomorrows working session to test and verify the outbound connectivity to the DB.
- Team will continue to work with support on the Refactor Assistant issue. 

    - This flight log is being submitted via PR "02/28/2024 Documentation"

## Tracking
**Cases open: 1**
  - Case TS015519419 - Refactor Assistant is throwing an intermittent error when attempting to slice.

**Cases closed: 3**
  - Case TS015519060 - Graphs not populating in IBM Developer for Z
  - Case TS015447064 - Unable to use the host name instead of IP address in client's Windows VM
  - Case TS015362785  