---
title: Log 3 - Sprint 1 🛫
description: Flight Log of Co-Creation Activities
slug: flight-log-3
tags: [log, sprint ]
---

## Work in Progress

- The team had a trouble shooting session with the client (2/22/24). The focus of this session was to resolve the issue of graphs not populating in IBM Developer for Z (IDZ) and to resolve connecting from a client's local machine to IDZ.
- After some investigation, the team discovered that the port needed for the OrientDB connection was being used by another java process. Once that other java process was stopped and the graphDB service started, the graphs began to populate in the client's IDZ.
- Next the team moved to resolve connecting the client's local machine to IDZ. After some troubleshooting the team identified the issue was the keystore. IDZ has its own java environment and the issue was resolved by adding the keystore to the java environment being used by IDZ. Once the keystore was added the client was able to use IDZ from their local machine. 
- The team had another session (2/23/24). There was an attempt to reproduce the splicing error, however the client was unable to reproduce it during this session. The team then conversed about the outbound connectivity to the firewall for accessing IBM DB Cloud DB2. The client said they expected this to be resolved by next Monday (2/26/24).

## Currently Tracking
- The team will work with the client to setup the outbound connectivity to the firewall for accessing IBM DB Cloud DB2.
- Team will continue to work with support on the Refactor Assistant issue. 

    - This flight log is being submitted via PR "02/23/2024 Documentation"

## Tracking
**Cases open: 1**
  - Case TS015519419 - Refactor Assistant is throwing an intermittent error when attempting to slice.

**Cases closed: 3**
  - Case TS015519060 - Graphs not populating in IBM Developer for Z
  - Case TS015447064 - Unable to use the host name instead of IP address in client's Windows VM
  - Case TS015362785  