---
title: Log 2 🛫
description: Flight Log of Co-Creation Activities
slug: flight-log-2
tags: [log, sprint ]
---

## Objectives
- Get IDZ up and running in client's environment

## Accomplishments
- Team was able to launch IDZ within customer's environment. 

## Work in Progress

- The team experienced an issue within IBM Developer for Z where some graphs were not appearing. The team had a troubleshooting session on this issue and has opened a ticket TS015519060.
- The customer was also encountering an issue with Refactor Assistant. The error was `Servlet.service() for servlet [dispatcherServlet] in context with path [] threw exception [Request processing failed; nested exception is java.lang.NullPointerException] with root cause
java.lang.NullPointerException: null`. The team opened ticket TS015519419 on this error. 
- The team met with the client and had an app walkthrough session with the client.

## Currently Tracking
- The team will work with the client to setup the outbound connectivity to the firewall for accessing IBM DB Cloud DB2.
- Team will continue to work with support on the graphs and Refactor Assistant issues. 

    - This flight log is being submitted via PR "02/22/2024 Documentation"

## Tracking
**Cases open: 2**
  - Case TS015519060 - Graphs not populating in IBM Developer for Z
  - Case TS015519419 - Refactor Assistant is throwing an intermittent error when attempting to slice.

**Cases closed: 2**
  - Case TS015447064 - Unable to use the host name instead of IP address in client's Windows VM
  - Case TS015362785