docs/1-Prepare/5-GenApp.mdx, before:

---
id: genapp
sidebar_position: 6
title: GenApp
custom_edit_url: null
---

## WCA4Z Data Generator

The WCA4Z Data Generator is for generating data. It lives on the ADDI host.

### Retrieving the installation file

If you have already downloaded RA version 1.1.x, open up WinSCP on the ADDI host.

Create a login to the RA host in WinSCP
![CleanShot 2024-03-05 at 14 14 41](https://media.github.ibm.com/user/20330/files/f2cced1c-8810-4c16-9999-58922143b628)

Save the login and connect.

If you've already followed the directions [here](Refactor) for the config and install of RA, you should have the extracted folder sitting in your home directory:

![CleanShot 2024-03-05 at 14 19 32](https://media.github.ibm.com/user/20330/files/9c73f00c-6fcd-4601-9ae4-28bf5561a3ae)

Drag the WCA4Z-Data-Generator zip to your home documents folder on the ADDI host.

![CleanShot 2024-03-05 at 14 24 37](https://media.github.ibm.com/user/20330/files/d9ad5ab6-c96a-48b2-b346-db579b969e37)

Unzip the WCA4Z-Data-Generator zip file into `C:\Program Files\IBM Application Discovery and Delivery Intelligence`
```powershell
Expand-Archive -LiteralPath 'C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\WCA4Z-Data-Generator-1.1.2.zip' -DestinationPath 'C:\Program Files\IBM Application Discovery and Delivery Intelligence'
```

## Configuration and Build of GenApp project

Download the CCS GenApp code zip to the ADDI host from [here](https://github.com/cicsdev/cics-genapp/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)

Extract `C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\cics-genapp-main.zip`.

```powershell
Expand-Archive -LiteralPath 'C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\cics-genapp-main.zip' -DestinationPath 'D:\'
```

### Create a new Project

Let's create an INI project file in D:\

`project.ini`
```tsx
[ADNewProj]
ProjectName = "GenAppSD"
Path = "C:\IBM AD\Mainframe Projects\GenAppSD"
Environment = "zOS"
ProjectLanguages = "DT Cobol,Assembler,Cobol,Natural,PL1,Ads"
DBTypes = "Datacom,IDMS,Adabas,Relational,IMS/DB"
MapTypes = "Natural (LNM),CICS (BMS), IMS TM (MFS),ADS Map"
ProjectDBType = "SQL"
CCSEnvironment = "Default"
DBServerName = "ADDI SQL [127.0.0.1:1433]"
AttachToDB = "N"
EnableCross = "N"
```

Make sure the directory for `Path` exists. Create the folder.
```powershell
mkdir 'C:\IBM AD\Mainframe Projects\GenAppSD'
```

Run the project creation command:

```powershell
cd "C:\Program Files\IBM Application Discovery and Delivery Intelligence\IBM Application Discovery Build Client\Bin\Release"
.\IBMApplicationDiscoveryBuildClient.exe /np "D:\project.ini"

```

Commit message:

More updates to the Cloud Database configuration and updating the GenApp documentation for connecting ADDI to the DB2 instance via project creation.

docs/1-Prepare/5-GenApp.mdx, after:

---
id: genapp
sidebar_position: 6
title: GenApp
custom_edit_url: null
---

## WCA4Z Data Generator

The WCA4Z Data Generator is for generating data. It lives on the ADDI host.

### Retrieving the installation file

If you have already downloaded RA version 1.1.x, open up WinSCP on the ADDI host.

Create a login to the RA host in WinSCP
![CleanShot 2024-03-05 at 14 14 41](https://media.github.ibm.com/user/20330/files/f2cced1c-8810-4c16-9999-58922143b628)

Save the login and connect.

If you've already followed the directions [here](Refactor) for the config and install of RA, you should have the extracted folder sitting in your home directory:

![CleanShot 2024-03-05 at 14 19 32](https://media.github.ibm.com/user/20330/files/9c73f00c-6fcd-4601-9ae4-28bf5561a3ae)

Drag the WCA4Z-Data-Generator zip to your home documents folder on the ADDI host.

![CleanShot 2024-03-05 at 14 24 37](https://media.github.ibm.com/user/20330/files/d9ad5ab6-c96a-48b2-b346-db579b969e37)

Unzip the WCA4Z-Data-Generator zip file into `C:\Program Files\IBM Application Discovery and Delivery Intelligence`
```powershell
Expand-Archive -LiteralPath 'C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\WCA4Z-Data-Generator-1.1.2.zip' -DestinationPath 'C:\Program Files\IBM Application Discovery and Delivery Intelligence'
```

## Configuration and Build of GenApp project

Download the CCS GenApp code zip to the ADDI host from [here](https://github.com/cicsdev/cics-genapp/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)

Extract `C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\cics-genapp-main.zip`.

```powershell
Expand-Archive -LiteralPath 'C:\Users\Administrator\Downloads\cics-genapp-main.zip' -DestinationPath 'D:\'
```

### Create a new Project

Let's create an INI project file in D:\

Values should be as follows in our example.

- DBServerName - this should be `BLUDB`. It is the db2 cloud database entry we created [here](/Prepare/cloud_databases#installingconfiguring-db2-client)
- FQDN + port - should be retrieved from the returned JSON from [here](/Prepare/cloud_databases#creating-the-service-credentials). Our example cloud db2 url is `dbd5d8b8-61c3-49dc-9213-79a4104c27f6.c8l9ggsd0kmvoig3l8kg.databases.appdomain.cloud:31106`

`project.ini`
```tsx
[ADNewProj]
ProjectName = "GenAppSD"
Path = "C:\IBM AD\Mainframe Projects\GenAppSD"
Environment = "zOS"
ProjectLanguages = "DT Cobol,Assembler,Cobol,Natural,PL1,Ads"
DBTypes = "Datacom,IDMS,Adabas,Relational,IMS/DB"
MapTypes = "Natural (LNM),CICS (BMS), IMS TM (MFS),ADS Map"
ProjectDBType = "DB2_LUW"
CCSEnvironment = "Default"
DBServerName = "BLUDB [dbd5d8b8-61c3-49dc-9213-79a4104c27f6.c8l9ggsd0kmvoig3l8kg.databases.appdomain.cloud:31106]"
DBName = "BLUDB"
AttachToDB = "Y"
EnableCross = "N"
```

Make sure the directory for `Path` exists. Create the folder.
```powershell
mkdir 'C:\IBM AD\Mainframe Projects\GenAppSD'
```

Run the project creation command:

```powershell
cd "C:\Program Files\IBM Application Discovery and Delivery Intelligence\IBM Application Discovery Build Client\Bin\Release"
.\IBMApplicationDiscoveryBuildClient.exe /np "D:\project.ini"

```
