docs/5-Automation/2-ADDI Install.mdx, before:

---
id: ADDI Install
sidebar_position: 2
title: 'ADDI Install'
custom_edit_url: null
---

## Overview
<div style={{ borderBottom: '1px solid #000', marginTop: '20px', marginBottom: '20px' }}></div>

This section will walkthrough the automation scripts for the ADDI install. This install will consist of four components:
- Set User Permissions
- Adoptium Java Runtime Environment
- Eclipse
- SQL server and its user permissions
- ADDI

This section will also walkthorugh the configurations for:
- TLS Connections
- DB2 Cloud Database

## Script Walkthrough
<div style={{ borderBottom: '1px solid #000', marginTop: '20px', marginBottom: '20px' }}></div>

### Set User Permissions
Navigate to the appropriate directory:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/access_management/
```
Run the automation script
```powershell
./set_user_permissions.ps1
```

### Adoptium Java Runtime Environment
Navigate to the appropriate directory:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/java_installation
```
Run the automation script
```powershell
./java_install.ps1
```

:::note
To validate working Java version make sure to restart powershells
:::

### Eclipse Install
:::warning
Run Java Runtime install first
:::

Navigate to the appropriate directory:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/java_installation
```
Run the automation script
```powershell
.\install_eclipse.ps1
```

### SQL Server Install and User Permissions

#### **SQL Server Install**

Navigate to the appropriate directory:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/SQL_Server
```

```powershell
.\sql_server_install.ps1
```

#### **SQL Server User Permissions**
Navigate to the appropriate directory:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/SQL_Server
```

```powershell
.\sql_user_permissions.ps1
```

### ADDI Install

:::note
ADDI installer executable is sitting in a personal COS bucket (User will have to store executable somewhere)
:::

First we are going to download the executable for ADDI

Nagivate to this [link](https://w3east-limited-use.cpc.ibm.com/isc/esd/dswdown/home?ticket=Xa.2%2FXb.ddeX-Pn5_UKDYD1s3YpYVy-E9HPU6DcxxO4Gkg%2FXc.%2FXd.%2FXf.%2FXg.12728081%2FXi.%2FXY.knac%2FXZ.egtpZ_CjXOeNUEnHr5jNVMB0ZKkGNna0)
1. Select "Part Number" below the "Search Options" label
2. Search "M0H2CML"
3. Select "HTTPs" as the download method
4. Press "Search" and download the file

Navigate to the appropriate file:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/install_addi.ps1
```

On line 48 change the ```$addi_endpoint_install_binary``` value to the directory with the downloaded executable from above

```powershell
$addi_endpoint_install_binary="[executable file path]"
```

Run:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/install_addi.ps1
```

Commit message:

Added docmentation for sql_user_setup and for refactor install

docs/5-Automation/2-ADDI Install.mdx, after:

---
id: ADDI Install
sidebar_position: 2
title: 'ADDI Install'
custom_edit_url: null
---

## Overview
<div style={{ borderBottom: '1px solid #000', marginTop: '20px', marginBottom: '20px' }}></div>

This section will walkthrough the automation scripts for the ADDI install. This install will consist of four components:
- Set User Permissions
- Adoptium Java Runtime Environment
- Eclipse
- SQL server and its user permissions
- ADDI

This section will also walkthorugh the configurations for:
- TLS Connections
- DB2 Cloud Database

## Script Walkthrough
<div style={{ borderBottom: '1px solid #000', marginTop: '20px', marginBottom: '20px' }}></div>

### Set User Permissions
Navigate to the appropriate directory:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/access_management/
```
Run the automation script
```powershell
./set_user_permissions.ps1
```

### Adoptium Java Runtime Environment
Navigate to the appropriate directory:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/java_installation
```
Run the automation script
```powershell
./java_install.ps1
```

:::note
To validate working Java version make sure to restart powershells
:::

### Eclipse Install
:::warning
Run Java Runtime install first
:::

Navigate to the appropriate directory:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/java_installation
```
Run the automation script
```powershell
.\install_eclipse.ps1
```

### SQL Server Install and User Permissions

#### **SQL Server Install**
This script will install Microsoft SQL server
Navigate to the appropriate directory:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/sql_server_install
```

```powershell
.\sql_server_install.ps1
```

#### **SQL Server User Permissions**
This script will create an addi user on the SQL server and give them the appropriate permissions. Be sure to fill out the .env file with the appropriate values before runing these scripts.
Navigate to the appropriate directory:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/sql_server_install
```

```powershell
.\sql_user_setup.ps1
```

### ADDI Install

:::note
ADDI installer executable is sitting in a personal COS bucket (User will have to store executable somewhere)
:::

First we are going to download the executable for ADDI

Nagivate to this [link](https://w3east-limited-use.cpc.ibm.com/isc/esd/dswdown/home?ticket=Xa.2%2FXb.ddeX-Pn5_UKDYD1s3YpYVy-E9HPU6DcxxO4Gkg%2FXc.%2FXd.%2FXf.%2FXg.12728081%2FXi.%2FXY.knac%2FXZ.egtpZ_CjXOeNUEnHr5jNVMB0ZKkGNna0)
1. Select "Part Number" below the "Search Options" label
2. Search "M0H2CML"
3. Select "HTTPs" as the download method
4. Press "Search" and download the file

Navigate to the appropriate file:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/install_addi.ps1
```

On line 48 change the ```$addi_endpoint_install_binary``` value to the directory with the downloaded executable from above

```powershell
$addi_endpoint_install_binary="[executable file path]"
```

Run:
```powershell
cd assets/papercuts/addi/install_addi.ps1
```
Be sure to complete the install by configuring ADDI through a web browser. If the page does not open automatically while the install script is running, navigate to this URL: https://localhost:9443/ad/admin/setup.


Once ADDI has been installed, the next step is to install refactor on the refactor host, using the environmnent ID and host port from this ADDI host.

### Configuring the certs on the ADDI host
