docs/5-Automation/3-Refactor.mdx, before:

---
id: Refactor-Install
sidebar_position: 3
title: 'Refactor Install (10 mins)'
custom_edit_url: null
---

## Overview
<div style={{ borderBottom: '1px solid #000', marginTop: '20px', marginBottom: '20px' }}></div>

This section will walkthrough the automation scripts for the Refactor install. This install will consist of:
- Podman
- Refactor Containers

## Download the Refactor Binary
On your linux box
Go to IBM's internal download [site](https://w3south-limited-use.cpc.ibm.com/software/xl/download/ticket.wss) and download `IBM watsonx Code Assistant for Z Refactoring Assistant 1.1.1 Linux Multilingual`
Right click on your browser and inspect -> network. Then click download and copy the `Requested URL` from the network tab.

On your linux machine run the following to install wget
```
[root@adp-linux home]# yum install wget
Updating Subscription Management repositories.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 for x86_64 - BaseOS (RPMs)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       817  B/s | 4.1 kB     00:05
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 for x86_64 - Supplementary (RPMs)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                115 kB/s | 3.8 kB     00:00
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 for x86_64 - AppStream (RPMs)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    159 kB/s | 4.5 kB     00:00
Dependencies resolved.
============================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
 Package                                                                            Architecture                                                                  Version                                                                                 Repository                                                                                                   Size
============================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
Installing:
 wget                                                                               x86_64                                                                        1.19.5-11.el8                                                                           rhel-8-for-x86_64-appstream-eus-rpms                                                                        734 k
Installing dependencies:
 libmetalink                                                                        x86_64                                                                        0.1.3-7.el8                                                                             rhel-8-for-x86_64-baseos-rpms                                                                                32 k

Transaction Summary
============================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
Install  2 Packages

Total download size: 766 k
Installed size: 2.8 M
Is this ok [y/N]: y
Downloading Packages:
(1/2): libmetalink-0.1.3-7.el8.x86_64.rpm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   6.3 kB/s |  32 kB     00:05
(2/2): wget-1.19.5-11.el8.x86_64.rpm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        142 kB/s | 734 kB     00:05
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       149 kB/s | 766 kB     00:05
Running transaction check
Transaction check succeeded.
Running transaction test
Transaction test succeeded.
Running transaction
  Preparing        :                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1/1
  Installing       : libmetalink-0.1.3-7.el8.x86_64                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1/2
  Installing       : wget-1.19.5-11.el8.x86_64                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2/2
  Running scriptlet: wget-1.19.5-11.el8.x86_64                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2/2
  Verifying        : wget-1.19.5-11.el8.x86_64                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          1/2
  Verifying        : libmetalink-0.1.3-7.el8.x86_64                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2/2
Installed products updated.

Installed:
  libmetalink-0.1.3-7.el8.x86_64                                                wget-1.19.5-11.el8.x86_64

Complete!
[root@adp-linux home]#
```

Then download the binary by running

```
[root@adp-linux home]# wget https://ak-dsw-mul.dhe.ibm.com/sdfdl/v2/fulfill/M0HV4ML/Xa.2/Xb.htcOMovxHCAgZGSx9HN2d9ToNzH5Bw37/Xc.M0HV4ML/IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip/Xd./Xf.lPr.A6VR/Xg.12776632/Xi./XY.knac/XZ.iwzQoMk3hbdbv7KOxMrMlBgY0ZRud6M0/IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip
--2024-04-11 17:34:33--  https://ak-dsw-mul.dhe.ibm.com/sdfdl/v2/fulfill/M0HV4ML/Xa.2/Xb.htcOMovxHCAgZGSx9HN2d9ToNzH5Bw37/Xc.M0HV4ML/IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip/Xd./Xf.lPr.A6VR/Xg.12776632/Xi./XY.knac/XZ.iwzQoMk3hbdbv7KOxMrMlBgY0ZRud6M0/IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip
Resolving ak-dsw-mul.dhe.ibm.com (ak-dsw-mul.dhe.ibm.com)... 170.225.126.30
Connecting to ak-dsw-mul.dhe.ibm.com (ak-dsw-mul.dhe.ibm.com)|170.225.126.30|:443... connected.
HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 200 OK
Length: 964597948 (920M) [application/zip]
Saving to: ‘IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip’

IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip               100%[=========================================================================>] 919.91M  51.8MB/s    in 18s

2024-04-11 17:34:57 (50.1 MB/s) - ‘IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip’ saved [964597948/964597948]
```

Verify you downloaded the zip file

```
[root@adp-linux home]# ls
IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip  vpcuser
[root@adp-linux home]#
```

## Script Walkthrough
<div style={{ borderBottom: '1px solid #000', marginTop: '20px', marginBottom: '20px' }}></div>

Navigate to the appropriate directory:
```sh
cd assets/papercuts/refactor
```

### Install Refactor Assistant (5 mins)
Update the variable `REFACTOR_INSTALL_PATH` && `REFACTOR_NAME_OF_ZIP_FILE` where the zip file is saved on the `refactor/.env` file
For example your `.env` file might look like

```bash
.
.
REFACTOR_INSTALL_PATH=/home
REFACTOR_NAME_OF_ZIP_FILE=IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip
````

Run the automation script
```sh
./install_refactor.sh
```

### Configure Certifcates (1 min)

:::note
    - ensure ADDI is installed
:::

Update the .env file with the appropriate values for the HOST_PORT and ENVIRONMENT_ID from the ADDI Host / application:
- CERTS_LOCATION=/root/certs
- HOST_PORT=HOST_PORT
- ENVIRONMENT_ID=ADDI_ENV_ID

:::note
    - HOST_PORT = full address of the ADDI application (ex. https://[ADDI host address]:[port number])
:::

Once Refactor Assistant has been installed successfully, configure the refactor host cert by running this script within the same directory:
```sh
./configure_cert.sh
```

Commit message:

Added Gitlab automation script for refactor  (#108)
* added gitlab install

* added gitlab install

docs/5-Automation/3-Refactor.mdx, after:

---
id: Refactor-Install
sidebar_position: 3
title: 'Refactor Install (10 mins)'
custom_edit_url: null
---

## Overview
<div style={{ borderBottom: '1px solid #000', marginTop: '20px', marginBottom: '20px' }}></div>

This section will walkthrough the automation scripts for the Refactor install. This install will consist of:
- Podman
- Refactor Containers

## Download the Refactor Binary
On your linux box
Go to IBM's internal download [site](https://w3south-limited-use.cpc.ibm.com/software/xl/download/ticket.wss) and download `IBM watsonx Code Assistant for Z Refactoring Assistant 1.1.1 Linux Multilingual`
Right click on your browser and inspect -> network. Then click download and copy the `Requested URL` from the network tab.

On your linux machine run the following to install wget
```
[root@adp-linux home]# yum install wget
Updating Subscription Management repositories.
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 for x86_64 - BaseOS (RPMs)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       817  B/s | 4.1 kB     00:05
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 for x86_64 - Supplementary (RPMs)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                115 kB/s | 3.8 kB     00:00
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8 for x86_64 - AppStream (RPMs)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    159 kB/s | 4.5 kB     00:00
Dependencies resolved.
============================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
 Package                                                                            Architecture                                                                  Version                                                                                 Repository                                                                                                   Size
============================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
Installing:
 wget                                                                               x86_64                                                                        1.19.5-11.el8                                                                           rhel-8-for-x86_64-appstream-eus-rpms                                                                        734 k
Installing dependencies:
 libmetalink                                                                        x86_64                                                                        0.1.3-7.el8                                                                             rhel-8-for-x86_64-baseos-rpms                                                                                32 k

Transaction Summary
============================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================
Install  2 Packages

Total download size: 766 k
Installed size: 2.8 M
Is this ok [y/N]: y
Downloading Packages:
(1/2): libmetalink-0.1.3-7.el8.x86_64.rpm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   6.3 kB/s |  32 kB     00:05
(2/2): wget-1.19.5-11.el8.x86_64.rpm                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        142 kB/s | 734 kB     00:05
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       149 kB/s | 766 kB     00:05
Running transaction check
Transaction check succeeded.
Running transaction test
Transaction test succeeded.
Running transaction
  Preparing        :                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    1/1
  Installing       : libmetalink-0.1.3-7.el8.x86_64                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     1/2
  Installing       : wget-1.19.5-11.el8.x86_64                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2/2
  Running scriptlet: wget-1.19.5-11.el8.x86_64                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          2/2
  Verifying        : wget-1.19.5-11.el8.x86_64                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          1/2
  Verifying        : libmetalink-0.1.3-7.el8.x86_64                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2/2
Installed products updated.

Installed:
  libmetalink-0.1.3-7.el8.x86_64                                                wget-1.19.5-11.el8.x86_64

Complete!
[root@adp-linux home]#
```

Then download the binary by running

```
[root@adp-linux home]# wget https://ak-dsw-mul.dhe.ibm.com/sdfdl/v2/fulfill/M0HV4ML/Xa.2/Xb.htcOMovxHCAgZGSx9HN2d9ToNzH5Bw37/Xc.M0HV4ML/IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip/Xd./Xf.lPr.A6VR/Xg.12776632/Xi./XY.knac/XZ.iwzQoMk3hbdbv7KOxMrMlBgY0ZRud6M0/IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip
--2024-04-11 17:34:33--  https://ak-dsw-mul.dhe.ibm.com/sdfdl/v2/fulfill/M0HV4ML/Xa.2/Xb.htcOMovxHCAgZGSx9HN2d9ToNzH5Bw37/Xc.M0HV4ML/IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip/Xd./Xf.lPr.A6VR/Xg.12776632/Xi./XY.knac/XZ.iwzQoMk3hbdbv7KOxMrMlBgY0ZRud6M0/IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip
Resolving ak-dsw-mul.dhe.ibm.com (ak-dsw-mul.dhe.ibm.com)... 170.225.126.30
Connecting to ak-dsw-mul.dhe.ibm.com (ak-dsw-mul.dhe.ibm.com)|170.225.126.30|:443... connected.
HTTP request sent, awaiting response... 200 OK
Length: 964597948 (920M) [application/zip]
Saving to: ‘IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip’

IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip               100%[=========================================================================>] 919.91M  51.8MB/s    in 18s

2024-04-11 17:34:57 (50.1 MB/s) - ‘IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip’ saved [964597948/964597948]
```

Verify you downloaded the zip file

```
[root@adp-linux home]# ls
IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip  vpcuser
[root@adp-linux home]#
```

## Script Walkthrough
<div style={{ borderBottom: '1px solid #000', marginTop: '20px', marginBottom: '20px' }}></div>

Navigate to the appropriate directory:
```sh
cd assets/papercuts/refactor
```

### Install Refactor Assistant (5 mins)
Update the variable `REFACTOR_INSTALL_PATH` && `REFACTOR_NAME_OF_ZIP_FILE` where the zip file is saved on the `refactor/.env` file
For example your `.env` file might look like

```bash
.
.
REFACTOR_INSTALL_PATH=/home
REFACTOR_NAME_OF_ZIP_FILE=IwCAfZRA_1.1.2_L_ML.zip
````

Run the automation script
```sh
./refactor/install_refactor.sh
```

### Configure Certifcates (1 min)

:::note
    - ensure ADDI is installed
:::

Update the .env file with the appropriate values for the HOST_PORT and ENVIRONMENT_ID from the ADDI Host / application:
- CERTS_LOCATION=/root/certs
- HOST_PORT=HOST_PORT
- ENVIRONMENT_ID=ADDI_ENV_ID

:::note
    - HOST_PORT = full address of the ADDI application (ex. https://[ADDI host address]:[port number])
:::

Once Refactor Assistant has been installed successfully, configure the refactor host cert by running this script within the same directory:
```sh
./refactor/configure_cert.sh
```

### Install Gitlab (5 min)
Update the .env file with the appropriate values.

Then you can run
```sh
./gitlab/setup_gitlab.sh
```
